Add minutes for TLT meetings for 3 September and 1 October 2024 (#188)
ESMValGroup/Community: Tech Lead/Minutes/20241001.md

- @ehogan: Would we like to help create a geospatial benchmark suite, as described in this blog post from Coiled (Matt Rocklin's dask-as-a-service company): [Large Scale Geospatial Benchmarks](https://docs.coiled.io/blog/geospatial-benchmarks.html)? Martin and Bill in AVD suggested that ESMValTool might well be able to help out with one of the asks, which is code that does large-scale geospatial data processing; @ehogan promised to open an Issue or Discussion item about it;
- @schlunma: What do we about NCL? There are (again) problems with our environment, see [ESMValGroup/ESMValCore#2535](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/issues/2535): separate module maybe; @bouweandela: leave it to user to install it; @schlunma: diagnostics are old, most devs switching to Python for new stuff -> **topic to be brought at the workshop**; @rbeucher: a few recipes (eg Perfmetrics) that are good, to be ported to Python: possible solutions include separate conda envs and docker containers; this item has a **Workshop TODO**;

> - @schlunma: Very brief update on ESMValTool+Dask paper: to be re-circulated today(ish) and some of us still need to send comments; @bouweandela give feedback on current performance status: few benchmark discrepancies to look at ie perfomance is *even* better (eg used dev branch of `iris`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @schlunma: Very brief update on ESMValTool+Dask paper: to be re-circulated today(ish) and some of us still need to send comments; @bouweandela give feedback on current performance status: few benchmark discrepancies to look at, i.e. perfomance is *even* better (e.g. used dev branch of `iris`);
```

- @valeriupredoi: work on modernizing and re-deploying our ESMValBot https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValBot/pull/37
- @valeriupredoi: `codacy-ruff` plugin to Codacy: https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/issues/3739
- @rbeucher: `intake-esm` catalog support: more and more interest in adding datasets to the ESM catalog; @bouwenadela: looking at XCube also, a proposal in the pipes, so there may be time to implement `intake` support; coordinate with Tina, so there is no duplication -> a meeting to be set up;

> - @schlunma wants to merge PR that introduces new (dask-like) configuration system today ([ESMValGroup/ESMValCore#2448](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/pull/2448)): this needs ne merged **ASAP**;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @schlunma wants to merge PR that introduces new (dask-like) configuration system today ([ESMValGroup/ESMValCore#2448](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/pull/2448)): this needs be merged **ASAP**;
```
